1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A .git folder will be created in the repository folder. 
I need to initialize a repository because I want to do version control in that folder.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is like a temprorary folder that store the files from the repository before commit. 
Working directory is the folder that we are working on; 
and repository has a bunch of metadata that contains the version control information

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
I add only only file to the staging area everytime, and then commit. 
By using "git diff --staged" before committing, I can make sure there is only one logical change I will commit.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If I want to test some new features on the program;
If I want to make different language versions of this program;
If I want to try different methods.
Branchs will help keep my original work as well as allow me to commit the new changes.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagram is like a tree graph which shows how each branch created so that I can easily tell its mother branck.

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
By merging two branch together we will have one new branch which combines both two branches' changes.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git¡¯s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros: in case we forget to merge some branches when they should be.
Cons: Doing merges manually allows us to choose which branches and at which point we want to merge the branches. 
      It also avoids too many merges that create too many combinations of the branches.


We represent it in the diagram because it's easy to show the parant branch.










